♪ My name is Cleveland Brown
♪ And I am proud to be
♪ Right back in my hometown
♪ With my new family
♪ There's old friends
and new friends ♪
♪ And even a bear
♪ Through good times
and bad times ♪
♪ It's true love we share ♪
♪ And so I found a place
♪ Where everyone will know
♪ My happy mustached face
♪ This is
The Cleveland Show.  ♪
(chuckles)
All right. Herbie
Hancock's coming to town.
Hey, old man, buy me some
Herbie Hancock tickets.
You don't know nothing
about Herbie Hancock.
What?! Don't you tell me I don't
know about Herbie Hancock.
I love Herbie Hancock.
Me, too.
"Rockit."
(hums "Axel F" theme)
♪ Rockit.
That ain't "Rockit."
That's "Axel F."
How does "Rockit" go?
(hums "Axel F")
Aw, doggone it.
Now you've got me doing it.
You've Herbie Hancock-
blocked me.
Kids, I've told you three times
now to go make your beds.
You get two more times,
then a final warning,
and then I go to work angry.
I already made my bed,
Miss Donna.
Is that sarcasm, Junior?
Because if there's one thing I
do not understand, it's sarcasm.
No, I'm telling the truth.
Oh.
Well, then, thank you.
What kind of idiot
makes their bed?
Dam-fa-foo-dun-
may-hebeyad-shoot.
Naw-a-gah-may-mah-beyad, dayum.
I'm proud of you, son.
Now maybe you could work
on eating a little slower.
And not as much.
And not so often.
And maybe you
could exercise.
Maybe you
could get a job.
(laughing)
Oh-ho-ho!
You know
I been looking.
I just haven't found
the right one yet.
Last week I answered an ad
for an old, grizzled cop
two days from retirement.
(gunfire)
Okay, Brown, go
draw their fire.
But I'm two days
from retirement.
All right, I'll go.
(screaming)
Oh, well, I'm two days
from retirement.
And then I tried my hand
as a singing spokesman
for a furniture
flea market.
♪ Living rooms,
bedrooms, dinettes ♪
♪ We got it, you need it,
you'll find it ♪
♪ It's just like,
it's just like a mini-mall ♪
♪ Hey, hey
♪ You heard me-- come shop,
I said flea market ♪
♪ Stoolbend: it's just like,
it's just like a mini-mall ♪
♪ Hey, hey
♪ Living rooms, bedrooms,
dinettes ♪
♪ Oh, yeah
♪ You can find 'em
at the market ♪
♪ We talkin' about flea market ♪
♪ Stoolbend: it's just like,
it's just like a mini-mall ♪
♪ Hey, hey, don't stop,
let's make it a dance ♪
♪ Come on, now, to the left
♪ To the left  ♪
♪ To the right
♪ To the right  ♪
♪ Let's do this dance, hey ♪
♪ To the left
♪ To the left  ♪
♪ To the right
♪ To the right  ♪
♪ Let's make this
a dance ♪
♪ Flea market Stoolbend,
it keeps you a-jumpin' ♪
♪ It's just like,
it's just like a mini-mall. ♪
Can I have a
beer, please?
Me, too.
And I,
as well.
Give me a Stoli
Red Bull, sugar-free.
I got my
father's hips.
Just order a beer, fool.
Whoa, watch out
for this guy, huh?
Cleveland, wh-wh-wh-what's
up with the...
with the short
fuse, man?
Aw, I'm just having trouble
finding gainful employment.
Oh, yeah, finding
a job is hard.
I've never
found one.
Yeah I-I-I had
to ask Jesus
to lead me to the
job of my dreams,
and when he did, I knew
that he was the guy
that I wanted to keep going to,
to ask for things.
Last year, I asked Jesus
for tickets to the ESPYs.
He didn't come through, so I
just watched it on my plasma.
Oh, in your
mom's basement?
Shut up!
You know, uh, Cleveland,
there's, uh, an opening
in my department down
at the cable company.
I-I-I could put in
a good word for you.
Telemarketing?
Yes! Yeah-- why-- you--
why does everyone always
say it like that?
Telemarketing is the chatter
of the global marketplace.
Ring, ring.
Hello?
Cleveland, it's
your future.
Are you going to answer it,
or quietly whisper to me,
(whispering):
"Tell them I'm not here."
Plus, for every new
employee I bring in,
I get a $200 bonus.
And I sure could use it
after I donated all that money
to help fight bear AIDS.
(bear roaring)
(gasping)
Did you get the bear
to wear the condom?
Oh, cool! Cubicles!
Good morning,
Mr. Waterman.
Everything okay
here, Tim?
Oh, yes.
Thank you.
Say "pineapple" if you
want me to get security.
Oh, no, no, no,
Mr. Waterman,
this is Cleveland, the guy
I was telling you about.
You didn't tell me
he was...
(clearing throat)
(continues
clearing throat)
Okay, here's your desk
and your phone.
Uh, the keypad has
several buttons with numbers
and other things on them.
You-you-you'll probably
just use the ones
with the numbers though,
I would think.
Okay, so I've got you down
for one deluxe package
with high-speed Internet.
No-- thank you,  sir.
I just made my first sale!
TIM:
Holy smokes, I've never seen
beginner's luck
like that before.
Okay, bye now.
Hey, my phone is filled
with silver dollars!
Bees!
(screaming)
No!
(Cleveland grunting)
All right.
No!
Great job, Cleveland.
Sorry for judging you
earlier today.
I did what I grew up
watching my mother do:
underestimate minorities.
Course, then she'd
sleep with them.
She sounds like
someone I would dislike,
and then like a lot,
and then dislike again.
(both laughing)
(sighs)
So, no two months gets the
same exotic coffee, right?
Portugal?
Do they know coffee in Portugal?
That sounds expensive.
We have Folgers
Crystals.
You have
Folgers Crystals.
Yes, you have
my card on file.
Thank you.
(sighs)
Uh, I'm-I'm-I'm gonna go
and, uh, take out the trash.
Okay, but when you get back,
you're gonna crawl down
under these sheets
and take care of Mama Bear.
ANNOUNCER:
You're watching Ike Turner
Classic Movies.
Why don't you come up
and see me sometime?
What the hell
did you just say?
I didn't say
nothin', Ike.
Why you-- make-- me--
treat-- you-- like-- this?
Huh? Huh?
Roberta, Rallo-- Cleveland Jr.
folded the laundry,
and I think you two
should put it away.
Put away my laundry?!
It's not my job
to pick up after myself.
I'm not my mother.
You'll get this back
when you're done
with the laundry.
Aw, man.
Now what am I supposed to...
Oh, there's a book.
Don't laugh, America.
Don't laugh.
Can I have
your attention, please?
Due to his remarkable sales,
I'm giving this week's
"Employee of the Week" award
to Cleveland Brown.
Hooray!
As part of your "Employee
of the Week" award,
here's $200 bonus.
Neat!
Hey, Tim, you want
to come out with me tonight
while I mindlessly blow
through all this extra money?
(sighs)
No, no, no, thanks.
You-you-you go on ahead.
I'm going to stay late and try
to make a few more sales.
Okay.
I might just go buy myself...
♪ A top hat
♪ Gonna get myself
a top hat ♪
♪ Top hat.
(sighs)
(line ringing)
What are you doing?
Oh, uh... Oh, hey, Arch.
What are you doing, Tim?
Oh, nothing.
Time, those are for us
at work, not to take home.
Well... Yeah, well,
I didn't use any today,
so I figured what I didn't use
I could take home.
No.
That's not how this works.
Well, it's just that, my wife,
she puts these in her diet sodas
because she likes so much
chemicals, you know?
Then what are
the coffee filters for?
Uh...
Why don't you just go ahead
and put everything back?
Look, it's been
a hard month.
Sometimes
months are hard.
You going to bring in
extra stuff
when things
are going good?
Well, see you tomorrow, Arch.
No, you won't.
Taking a vacation day.
Whoa, what's this?
My chore wheel.
It makes doing chores
even more fun.
Watch.
Gutter patrol!
All right!
We got to stop this
before it's too late.
I know! Look what happened when
nobody stopped Robert Redford.
Let me get this straight.
For only $10,000, I can have
every inch of my skin replaced
with fried chicken?
That's correct.
I'd be a fool not to.
Oh, no way!
Terry Kimple's in
the house, y'all!
Hey, Cleveland!
Holy smokes!
What are you doing here?
Just trying to be
as cool as you.
Well, you're going
to need some tighter pants.
(laughing)
Hey, Tim. Terry here was
my best friend in high school.
He even saved my life once.
Ah, I just did a solid
for a friend.
You'd have done
the same thing.
Hey, man, I needed this.
Thank you.
No problemo.
Hey, what are
you kids doing?
(giggling, snickering)
Shh! Shh! Shh!
I assume this is yours?
Aw, that is racist.
Come on, wise guy.
Let's go.
Now, hang on, chief.
Cleveland didn't know
nothing about this.
That there weed--
well, it belongs to me.
Terry, you could
get expelled.
That's all right, man.
Your future's a hell of a lot
brighter than mine is.
Heck, you could be
the first black president
of the United States.
You take this opportunity
and you use it, Cleveland.
Let's go.
(groans)
You use it!
Use it, man!
So, how did
your life turn out?
Well, when my adulterous ex-wife
took my house in our divorce,
I moved back to town
and hastily married a woman
I had not seen nor spoken to
in over 20 years.
So, in addition to my own
emotionally fragile son,
I'm now responsible for two
ill-mannered stepchildren,
which is why I got
an entry-level telemarketing job
at the cable company.
So, pretty good, I guess.
What?!
Oh, sorry, man. Sorry.
I was just checking out
that pair of legs down there.
(laughing)
I see Terry Kimple
hasn't changed.
Yeah! The ladies
love my cable truck.
It's a hot fur magnet.
Hey, you know what?
You should come out
with me on my calls today.
We could catch up.
Lord Jesus, could you please
encourage Cleveland
to go with Terry
in his hot fur magnet,
so I can catch up to his sales?
Hey, Tim, will you
be all right if I leave you?
Oh, yeah! Yeah.
Have a good time.
Thanks, Jesus.
Okay, now, maybe we can talk
about bringing back
Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
(tuba blurts a note)
(plays)
(door creaking)
Hey, Cleveland Jr.
My day's going well.
How 'bout "chores"?
That's a funny way
to say it.
But it's going all right.
Don't be smart.
You listen to me, Jack.
You better stop
cleaning up around here
or things are going
to get messy.
Like this!
No!
Tuck in the corners,
just like Mommy did it.
Just like things were
when Mommy did it.
And don't divorce the sheets.
The sheets
must never be divorced.
(bleep), dude.
So, I said "I don't care
if you're pregnant.
That's a three-way
in my book."
(guffawing)
This is humorous.
Why aren't you laughing, Tim?
Yeah, what is this?
Is your wife
having her bear period?
(guffawing)
CLEVELAND:
Oh, gross.
Why would you say that?
Let me get the next round.
I'm still playing
with that sweet bonus.
Uh, actually, uh, Cleveland,
do you think I could use
the five dollars
you would spend on that beer,
maybe for a sandwich for me?
Seriously?
What, am I buying
rounds of food now?
(laughing)
Hey, I'll tell you what, Tim.
You show us your bear penis
and I'll buy you a whole steak.
(laughing)
Oh...
Hey, Yogi.
(imitating Yogi Bear):
Is it bigger than
the average bear's?
(laughing)
CLEVELAND:
He has a bear penis.
TIM:
Go ahead and laugh at the
financially struggling bear.
I hope...
I hope Jesus makes
something bad happen to you.
(gasps)
There. I said it.
So, were you serious about
the "penis for steak" deal?
You okay to drive?
You're a little drunk.
Yeah, well, thanks to my mama,
I was born a little drunk.
(Cleveland laughing)
Oh, no, no, no!
Oh... Uh-oh.
Oh, no.
This is bad, man.
This will be my third DUI.
I'm going to go to jail.
I'm going to lose my job.
They're going to
make me cut my hair!
(harp glissando)
That there weed?
Well, it belongs to me.
I just did a solid
for a friend.
You'd have done
the same thing.
(Cleveland and Terry
guffawing)
ET's finger!
Phone home!
(laughing)
You go on and get out of here.
I was driving this truck.
(siren wailing)
You're a good
friend, man.
Thanks.
(siren wails, stops)
Check him for drugs.
Oh, that's racist.
No, this is racist:
Asian people are
horrible drivers.
Ooh-hoo!
Now, get in the car.
Aw...
Aw... so.
(laughter)
Thanks for bailing me
out, sweetheart.
Baby, I'm a ride-or-die
bitch, you know that.
You're a good man,
Cleveland Brown,
covering for your friend,
and I'm proud to be your wife.
But we're in trouble, Donna.
I'll probably
get fired for this.
(gasps)
And what if you go to jail?
The thought of my man in prison
lifting rusty weights all day,
getting hard, fighting
for his life in the shower,
all soaped up and shiny?
Mmm...
Mm-hmm, beating down a man
for fronting me in the yard.
Oh, yeah!
I mean, who the hell does
he think he is, anyway?
What makes him think
I won't cut him?
Oh, Cleveland!
(tires screech)
Okay, flip me over;
I'll be the girl first.
What?!
This is prison
we're talkin' about!
Hey, Junior,
Roberta and I think
you're obsessively
cleaning everything
because you have
some unresolved issues
about your parents' divorce.
I'm totally fine
with the divorce.
As a matter of fact,
I've never even cried about it,
not one tear.
What?!
Why would I cry?
I mean, nobody died.
Just a family, a family died.
That's all it is, a dead family.
That boy's in denial.
He's got to get it out.
You know, it's not
like he doesn't have
plenty of reasons to cry.
Yeah, he's so fat, he'll
probably die in his 40s.
Rallo, that's mean.
What if he heard
you say that?
He'd probably cry.
What's the name of
that Jewish comedian?
Don Rickles?
Get him on the phone.
Oh, man! Has Waterman
talked to you yet?
Not yet. I hope
he doesn't fire me.
I should be the one
getting fired!
Fired by Jesus Christ,
our Lord and Savior.
Eh, big deal!
You showed
your penis for food.
We all been there.
No, I was so jealous
of Cleveland's success that...
I prayed to Jesus that something
bad would happen to him.
I'm so sorry, Cleveland.
Tim, you are dumb.
Out of pity,
I accept your apology.
(high-pitched):
Bye-bye.
Cleveland, I'm sorry,
but I can't tolerate
the destruction
of company property.
The truck is one thing,
but if anything had
happened to Terry,
well, I... I don't know
what I would've...
this company would have done.
He's a good worker, a good man,
a strong...
(trembling breath)
robust, tastefully cologned man.
O-kay.
(lisping):
Here's your tea,
Mr. Waterman.
(dramatic music plays)
Oh...
The point is, Cleveland,
I'm afraid I'm gonna
have to let you go.
Oh, that's too bad.
I sure am gonna
miss Terry.
He and I go a
long way back.
We were on the swim
team together.
Did he wear a Speedo?
Yes, he wore
a Speedo.
That is, when you
could get him to put
on  bathing suit.
Hey, Junior,
get in here for a minute.
What's going on?
We decided it's high
time you cried--
but we got to ease
you into it.
(band playing lively music)
"Good evening,
"and welcome to the roast
of Cleveland Brown Jr.,
a man so huge,
his butt has its own zip code."
(remote clicks,
recorded laughter plays)
(laughing)
Are you saying
I'm as large as a municipality?
And now, a young lady
who goes to third base
faster than Rickey Henderson,
my sister,
Roberta Tubbs.
(recorded applause)
Rallo Tubbs, everyone.
Or, as he's soon to be known,
"That's him, Officer."
(spits, laughs)
And Cleveland Brown Jr.
Or, as you're soon to be known,
"The poor bastard
they buried in a piano case."
(canned laughter, applause)
Speaking of Jews, here comes
one in a big, gross diaper...
Don Rickles impersonator
Keith Lieb.
(recorded applause)
Thanks, Rallo.
Hey, look who it is--
a colored Shelly Winters.
That's hurtful even
without knowing the reference.
Hey, Don, let's leave
the "colored" out of it.
All right, all right!
Look at this fat son of a bitch.
You put a hot plate on this kid,
you got yourself
a Manhattan studio apartment.
(recorded laughter,
Cleveland Jr. sobs)
Stop making fun of me!
There it is!
Let out all the pain
from your parents' divorce.
I promise you'll
feel better.
I love you guys.
Thank you.
We love you,
too, Junior.
What, did KFC
go out of business?
I better get out of here
before I get killed.
He's from
a different time.
And that's why we called
him "The Wet Banana."
Oh, I could tell
unnecessarily
graphic stories
about Terry all day,
but I got to go
pack up my desk.
Well, let's not
be too hasty.
It's possible I...
overreacted.
I assume you're sorry.
You're sorry, right?
Very.
And if you stayed,
you could tell me stories.
Say, one every morning over tea?
Stories that, you know,
Mrs. Waterman
wouldn't need to hear.
Stories that
only a man should hear.
Well, if  I come back,
I'd like to work with
Terry as an installer.
I don't want to be
chained to a desk.
Plus, Tim's
your salesman.
The bear?
Yeah. You don't want
to lose him.
In fact, you
should give him a raise.
(quietly): Have you
seen his weenie?
- I have.
- Me, too.
- Isn't it magnificent?
- Isn't it weird?
Isn't it weird?
Yes!
Ha! I don't know
how you got out of it,
but you did!
So what's the plan, amigo?
You're getting laid,
I'm getting paid,
and we're doing
it drunk!
All right!
Whoo!
Yee-hah!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Hey, Cleveland,
check it out!
Huh? Oh!
You owe me a steak!
Put that away!
(laughing)